Don't be afraid, I'm here.
What age is it?
After a relationship breaks up, it is called second-hand goods
What about you, Mr. Lin?
Overnight Dream After Meese Breaks Up
Are you going to become a worthless third-hand product?
You you what you
You still have the face to take out our three-year feeling
Love as a handle to blackmail me
Do you still have a face?
In your style
spread out
What other girl would want to be with you?
Hahaha
What the hell are you?
What lady?
I'm the last
Not yet reduced to a dependency
What about the little white face of the fat rich woman?
I chose this little white face with only a face.
You can't choose my son
Do you even think about it?
Your son is not worthy to be compared with Jun Hao at all
Ah, this man looks very talented.
It turned out to be the little white face of a rich woman
Miss, is this to maintain the little white face?
Please be quiet
I forgot to introduce myself just now
My name is Lai Junhao
After graduation
He has been working in architecture and design in the United States
I just came back from abroad recently
Are you yes
You can call me by my English name Jason.
He is a well-known architect at home and abroad
Jason Jason is a legend in the construction industry
Young award
One is the president of Real Estate First Group Television
One is an internationally renowned refueling master
Are they together?
Not foster care
It's about alliances.